add ForSqlServerHasIndex sample (#1606)
aspnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/modeling/relational/indexes.md

When using the SQL Server provider EF adds a 'IS NOT NULL' filter for all nullable columns that are part of a unique index. To override this convention you can supply a `null` value.

[!code-csharp[Main](../../../../samples/core/Modeling/FluentAPI/Samples/Relational/IndexNoFilter.cs?name=Model&highlight=10)]

### Include Columns in SQL Server Indexes

> You can configure [indexes with included columns](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/indexes/create-indexes-with-included-columns?view=sql-server-2017) to significantly improve query performance when all columns in the query are included in the index as key or nonkey columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure [indexes with included columns](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/relational-databases/indexes/create-indexes-with-included-columns) to significantly improve query performance when all columns in the query are included in the index as key or non-key columns.
```
